Add additional start flags to configuration (#1558)
vectorizedio/redpanda: docs/www/configuration.md

  scram_password: ""

rpk:

>   # Add flags to run rpk with specific parameters

Reviewer: we should add a link to the configuration.cc and say any additional command line flag can be passed there.

  scram_password: ""

rpk:

>   # Add optional flags to run rpk with specific parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Add optional flags to have rpk start redpanda with specific parameters.
```

>   # The available start flags are found in: /src/v/config/configuration.cc

Reviewer 2: This isn't the case, sadly. `/src/v/config/configuration.cc` has the part of the configuration file definition. The specific start options are spread throughout **seastar's** codebase:
- https://github.com/scylladb/seastar/blob/2cd0a2928782b89c71d16bc2d2628d987a17e874/src/util/log.cc#L506
- https://github.com/scylladb/seastar/blob/717396647823aaa670e18e4a33606a9806f450a4/src/core/reactor.cc#L3343-L3386

I might be missing some. I don't know what the right approach would be here. I think we need to add a "redpanda" (actually seastar) flags docs page, and perhaps contribute it to seastar, since it seems they don't have one.

>   additional_start_flags:

Reviewer: is this valid syntax? don't you need the dash? like so:

```
  additional_start_flags:    
  -  --overprovisioned    
  - --smp="2"
  - --memory="4G"
  - --default-log-level=info
```

Author: I just followed the format of the rest of the config.
@0x5d Can you confirm whether we need dashes?

Reviewer: @bmansheim you can also run this on your laptop and verify no?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, you need dashes and no trailing commas:

```yaml
  additional_start_flags:
    - "--overprovisioned"
    - "--smp=2"
    - "--memory=4G"
    - "--default-log-level=info"
```

Author: Yep. I've been sick though so I thought it would be quicker to get David's confirmation.
